Move contributor acknowledgment to changelog and raise minimum Ruby to 2.6 (#299)
djezzzl/database_consistency: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

### Unreleased

> - Special thanks to [Chedli Bourguiba](https://github.com/chaadow) for the amazing contribution in [#298](https://github.com/djezzzl/database_consistency/pull/298)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Special thanks to [Chedli Bourguiba](https://github.com/chaadow) for improving conditional index matching in [#298](https://github.com/djezzzl/database_consistency/pull/298)!
```
